[dogs barking]
What do we got?
♪ [spy music plays]
Lost dog's been wandering
the marshland all night.
Every time we approach it.
it goes further
into the wetlands.
Well. this place floods
when the tide comes in.
so we gotta move quick.
I don't think your toy's
big enough to pick up a collie.
My unmanned aerial vehicle
is not for the dog.
It's for the bait.
And my shirtless beach runs.
Bro. that's hickory smoked.
[Frank] Oh. should work
perfectly. then.
That's why you always bring
a backup.
[Frank] Let's roll... or fly.
Just when I think you can't
get any more badass.
♪ [spy music plays]
[dog whines]
[laughs] Hey. you just
sausage slapped him!
Let's keep those words.
in that order.
outta the report.
Ooh. he liked it.
He's following it.
Come on. buddy.
take a little nibble
of Frank's dangling meat.
Good lord.
[Frank] Just a little further.
Come on.
[dog barks]
[gasps] Yes!
[Shred] Yay!
[growling]
Oh...
Yeah. Come on. buddy.
Good boy.
Mission accomplished.
Rough landing. but next time--
[Victoria] Ooh.
Well. he died a hero.
Moment of silence. please.
Oh.
♪ [vocalizing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Top o' the morning. Frank.
[dog barks]
-Ahh!
You remember my
best friend. Hopper?
Yeah. you mean your best
dog friend [chuckles].
Why is he in the truck?
Well. they're banning dogs
from my building.
I mean. I guess
they already were banned.
And then my idiot neighbor
ratted us out after Hopper
gnawed on her kid's stroller.
Yeah. well. that's something
a human best friend
would never do.
I would move. but Doc Whiskers
just really loves my apartment.
And. you know cats.
they hate change.
That's why I can't ever shave
my beard. so...
Hopper's gotta leave.
Yeah. well. I'm sure
he'll find a great home.
Probably not one with
children or a diverse mailman.
I've also seen him be weird
to women.
I'm making him the precinct dog.
He's just like his old man.
[Hopper barks]
Born leader. full head
of hair. opinionated.
He doesn't seem thrilled
that I'm in the truck. Frank.
Again. like his old man.
[Hopper barks]
[Shred] Yeah. have you cleared
this with Emily?
[Frank] I called her
this morning
but she didn't pick up.
Oh! Uh-uh. hi.
-You're here early.
-Mm-hmm.
And... I'm here late.
I forgot we were supposed
to walk this morning.
I went alone. Like a loser.
It was so embarrassing.
I mean. it was
really nice to do a walk
that wasn't of shame.
but still.
And you bailed
on coffee last week.
-What is happening?
-Um...
Well. I... I do have
a little secret.
So. I guess I'll tell you.
Um...
I started to golf.
-What? Golfing?
-Yeah.
But you hate sports.
Well. I think
what it was is I...
I hadn't found the right sport.
But now I have. and it's golf.
And my coach says
I'm a natural. actually.
And his-his name's Javie.
Is Javie cute?
Yeah.
Oh... really?
Wow. Dish.
Like. did something happen
with Javie?
Yeah. we made.
we made...
we made love to-together.
-No. you didn't.
-Big time.
There is no way
that you made love
with your golf instructor.
Javie. and didn't tell me.
You're hiding something.
Okay. technically. we did not
fully sleep together.
but we did
do a lot of serious
parking lot stuff.
Time for the morning meeting.
Frank's got a crazy dog.
[barking]
So the new snake tongs
will arrive on--
- [barking]
- Oh. uh...
The snake tongs
will be arriving here.
uh. next Wednesd--.
[Hopper barks]
Boss. you want me to put down
that dog?
Hey! Come on. he's a talker.
He was already talking
dangerously close to my groin.
Frank. what's the plan here?
I think we can all agree
that morale at the precinct
is at an all-time low.
-No. it's not.
-What we need...
[Hopper barking]
-is a precinct dog.
Nothing makes people happier
than a mascot.
and Hopper will give us
something to believe in.
And mascots don't usually
foam at the mouth.
I called you this morning
to get the okay
but you didn't answer.
Oh. yeah. because
she was golfing.
Uh. no. No need for
the quote marks.
I was on the links.
[Hopper barking]
-Yeah. Frank. this is...
this is unsustainable.
He just needs to learn
everyone's scent.
Folks. your back door is like
a name tag for a dog. so...
line up and bend over.
Nope. Nobody do that.
Um. okay. we are so close
to finishing this meeting.
[Roman] What. what!
Party people in the house.
Cherise. these are the people
who love to partay.
Guys. this is my intimate
gal pal.
-Cherise.
-Salut.
Welcome. Cherise.
And Roman. so nice
to see you here for...
for. um. for why?
I brought m'lady. French.
here to show off all
my philanthropic efforts.
The kennels that I built.
the murals that I painted.
and the cans of pears
I left behind in the kitchen.
Management only. Shrek.
You only have me
for two more hours.
Oh. Okay. plea-- what did.
what did we say?
-Oop.
[Hopper barks]
Wow!
Who is this little
friendly fellow?
This is Hopper. I know he can
seem a little aggressive.
but he loves surprise kisses.
so get your face in there.
Well. that kinda behavior's
is reflective of poor ownership.
[barking]
Oops.
Okay. meeting adjourned.
Meeting adjourned.
[Hopper barking]
Frank. the dog has got to go.
Hey. guys. Guys.
I got a bite on your flip house.
-What?
-Cool! Who's biting?
Her name's Rebecca.
It's a cash offer.
But she is coming in
25 under asking.
-Under?
-[Shred] Hey.
This thing's been on the market
for ages. that's pretty good.
-Thank you. Bettany.
-It's great.
But I'm wondering if maybe
we should tag me into the deal.
Um...
Um? [laughs]
I'm a closer. baby.
Especially since I read
that FBI negotiator's book.
Turns out there are
a lot of similarities
between selling a house
and freeing a Somalian hostage.
-What?
-Quick sidebar with my man.
Yeah?
-What?
-Hey. so we don't
have any other offers.
-That's true.
So I think what we should
be saying right now
is stuff like.
thank you so much.
Also. what kinda cookies
do you like?
'Cause we're gonna
bake you some.
-Yeah. No. you're right.
-Okay.
-Bettany. we appreciate you.
-Mm-hmm.
And in fact. if there's
anything you need from us.
you just let us know.
-I'm good.
-[Shred] By the way...
What is your favorite cookie?
Aww. you wanna bake me
something sweet?
- Yeah
- We'd love to.
You can bake in
a 10 percent commission.
We were talking about cookies.
[Frank] Don't you worry. buddy.
We'll figure something out.
But for now.
it's not so bad.
There's no scary people
coming around the corner
to startle you.
All the used tennis balls
you can dream of.
[Hopper whines]
Hup. Nope. Done.
We're not doing this. Come on.
We already saw
this wall of giant dogs.
[Hopper barks]
-[Frank] Hopper!
-Hopper. Hopper!
Please stop. Hopper!
You are so powerful.
There's no way that word
means the same thing
in your native language.
-You like that. Cherie baby?
-Oui.
Don't use my dog
in your foreplay.
There is good in this dog.
But he's in
the wrong environment.
I assume you live very much
alone in a sad one-bedroom?
Would a sad one-bedroom have
a burgundy accent wall
in its kitchen/living room?
Burgundy is a trigger color
for most dogs and most people.
You're wearing burgundy.
I can sense when a dog
is not thriving.
It's a working-class breed.
It needs space.
and stimulation.
-And I know just the spot.
-You're gonna say your house?
I'm gonna say my mansion.
Which is a limited time offer
that expires in five...
Pass. Hopper's exactly
where he belongs.
Oh. really? 'Cause he just
left you 10 seconds ago.
[Emily screams]
-Eat the yogurt. not the lady!
-[Emily whines]
[Shred] Live and active cultures
for you.
Just eat the yogurt!
What are you doing?
He's not supposed to eat that.
What happens next time
this is a child?
Or worse.
A famous person.
You need to give me the dog.
Frank. clearly
his snaps are magic.
[Shred] And they do seem
to have a rapport.
You're just jealous because
Hopper asks nothing of me
and I give him everything.
You two have a level of
intimacy that I'm a little bit
jealous of. but I really do
think it's the best thing
for Hopper and for all of us.
Yeah. could somebody
maybe help me down?
'Cause I think my
vertigo is kicking in.
[engine starts]
[Roman] Cherise!
Not where Hopper can see.
Sorry. man.
I know that was tough.
You... wanna grab a beer
and talk about it?
I would. but everyone's
already gone home.
Okay. I know you're joking.
but that...
really hurt.
With the movie White Chicks.
you have to remember
that it's a product of its time.
[TV playing in background]
Where's the remote?
[groans]
♪ [sad music plays]
[Doc Whiskers growls and hisses]
Okay. Doc.
You won the battle.
no need to dance on his grave.
I feel like it's only
a matter of time before
Victoria finds out about us.
I mean. she is
kind of relentless.
I have to ask.
Why golf?
I don't know.
I panicked.
I mean. what else do people do
in the mornings?
Last week before work
you swam. you did yoga.
you went to physical therapy.
Yeah. but those are real
and I needed a lie.
-[Shred] Hmm.
[phone rings]
Oh. Frank's calling.
Probably a butt dial.
but just in case.
-Frank?
-Hey.
What are you doing right now?
You wanna grab a beer?
Uh.
Like. together?
Don't be weird.
Yes. The answer's yes.
I will be right there.
You just drop a pin
and I'm on the way. Okay?
[call ends]
-It's happening.
-Wh--
Frank wants to hang out
outside of work.
[engine revs]
[tires squeal]
Okay.
I'm sorry. I have
to drop you off.
I need to go home
and change tops.
Okay... yeah.
I don't know that I've ever
heard you refer to it as a top.
[quietly squealing]
[phone rings]
Oh. Frank's calling me now.
Okay. No. that's definitely
his butt.
-[Emily] Hey. Frank.
-Hey. What are you doing?
I'm at the golf pro shop.
-[whispers] Why?
-[whispers] I don't know.
Oh. s-sure.
I'll see you there.
I guess I'm coming
to your drinks.
-Oh.
-Oh. hey. I'm-I'm sorry.
It's fine.
It's just. if this seems like
it's heading towards
a bro sleepover. I'm gonna
need you to be cool and bail.
[Bettany] It's morning.
You come downstairs
and the smell of coffee
permeates your new home.
I love coffee.
That is a very generous offer.
Thank you.
I'll call you back.
That's the Saudis.
They're taking a very
aggressive position.
This is Patel.
He's one of the owners.
Hi. Amit Patel.
Rakishly handsome face
from the sign on the yard.
[Bettany and Patel fake laugh]
Will you excuse us for a second?
So good to meet you.
There are no Saudis.
That was a fake offer move.
I told you. I've got this.
I really see myself here.
You know what?
I could see you here too.
Although I could also see
three Saudis sharing shakshuka
over in the breakfast nook.
What's their offer?
Ten thou over asking.
But you could match that and...
we could close this thing
right here. right now.
Okay. let's do it.
R-really?
[laughs] Great.
Glad I was here
to land this plane.
Oh. yay! You made it.
When Frank called. I said.
"Don't forget Shred.
he would love this".
That's not true.
That-that can't be
how it happened.
Emily! Wow.
Boss outside of work.
What a... very fun.
I invited her even though
she banished my dog
from the precinct. sending me
into a crushing depression.
Do you wanna know
what's really cool
about this place
that I picked?
It has a golf simulator.
What? No. it doesn't.
It does. in the other room.
Yeah.
I want to see that swing
of yours. girlfriend.
Uh. totally.
Um. but. you know. tonight's
about our friend. Frank.
so we should
just be there for him.
Don't let my spiral suspend
any mirth.
Go. Fake golf.
Honestly. you ladies
are kinda killin' the vibe.
[Victoria] Okay.
-It's okay. it's what happens
when you get bigger
groups together.
[Victoria] Come on.
Now it's just us.
[grunts] Frank and Beans.
What. you gave yourself Beans?
I actually started with Beans.
2017.
Pre-pandemic.
You're getting a great deal.
House down the street
is asking the same price.
And those dopes.
they don't even have a basement.
I actually don't need
a basement.
It's a flood risk.
Uh. yeah. But. you know.
it's Seattle.
It barely rains here.
Not to mention. you know.
it's really far
from the freeway.
so the commute to work...
[scoffs] hellish.
I work from home.
Oh.
Before I sign.
I think maybe I should
look at that other house.
[Bettany] Other house?
I was gone for
less than a minute.
Okay...
Did you wanna pick a club?
Yeah. yeah.
I like to survey
the terrain first.
You look so at home here.
Yeah. that's...
I know.
That's an interesting way
to grip it.
Yeah. that's what
Javie said too.
But. you know.
he wasn't complaining. so...
Wow.
You are off the rails. Swing.
Jesus. take the club.
-Oh!
-[simulator voice] Good swing.
[notification alert]
[Roman] Yes! Home at last.
Who's a good boy?
Well...
Hopper looks pretty happy.
Celebratory shots?
Yeah! Yeah.
And then after that.
we'll go use the photo booth.
[laughs] I'll photoshop you in.
Meet me in the bathroom.
Victoria is all over me
like a bloodhound.
I can't keep lying.
Well. it just sounds like things
are gettin' away
from you a little bit.
so maybe just call it a night.
Will you just stop trying
to be alone with Frank?
It's getting very weird
and we need an actual plan.
Gotcha!
Are you two hooking up?
Is that why you've been acting
so weird?
[both] No...
That-that... that would.
that would be insane.
-That'd be nuts.
-No. I-I have. I have Javie.
-So...
-Yeah.
Who's... wait. who's Javie?
Babe. that's my golf instructor.
-I told you...
-You just called him babe!
No... damn it.
Okay. yes.
We are hooking up.
But I think it's. like.
more than that.
-Wait. Really?
-Right?
I mean. I do too.
but wasn't sure how you felt.
[faint singing]
Okay. I'm sorry.
It sounds like Frank
is having a karaoke breakdown
out there.
-Is it okay if I just... please.
-Yeah. Yeah. Just... yeah.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't tell anyone.
Yeah. but I'm not anyone.
At least I thought I wasn't.
Just one more thing.
'cause I need you to know this.
You ruined golf for me.
♪ Sometimes...
everybody cries. ♪
♪ Everybody hur--
Okay. Okay!
Okay.
♪ Sometimes...
Give it up for Frank. everybody.
Such a soulful performance.
Right? Thank you.
[weak applause]
You were doing so good.
It was the video.
I just miss him so much.
And more than that.
I feel like I failed him.
He's... a perfect dog.
[Man] Next up. we got Frank S.
Tears in heaven.
Okay. I can't stand
to see you like this.
I definitely can't take
another song.
So...
as much as it pains me
to say it.
maybe you should think about
going to get Hopper back.
Do I ask myself why it's
Hopper you love instead of me?
-Yeah.
-You comin'?
Oh. we're going now.
Why are his doors wide open?
[muffled yelling]
[muffled yell]
[Frank] Hopper!
Hey.
You okay?
This is a Taken situation.
They took Hopper.
They probably already got him
dancing on some sheikh's yacht.
Cherise?!
Did they take her?
Did they take Cherise?
No. She did it!
She cleaned me out!
Hopper bolted when she was
carrying out my 4K TV.
He's probably looking for me!
I'm such an idiot!
I took a shower this morning.
My musk is weak. so I gotta...
Should I call the police?
I'll call the police.
No. we can't get
the police involved
in me and Cherise's situation.
I can't believe you lost my dog.
-What?
-Here. let me help.
[tape rips]
-Ahhh!
I can't believe I sold
someone else's house.
-I blew it!
-She's just looking. okay?
Just stay positive.
You know. I think of myself
as this hotshot entrepreneur
who can make any deal happen.
Now I'm wondering.
maybe I'm terrible at this.
Okay. look. don't take this
the wrong way.
I'm preparing to be offended.
You're not as smart
as you think you are.
I was ready for it
and it still hurt.
Look. I'm not
calling you a dummy.
I'm just saying you don't
always know what's better.
I had your house sold.
No. You did.
I'm sorry.
Okay. Accepted.
[phone chimes]
She's going with the other
house. isn't she?
-Yup.
-Oh...
Give me that bottle.
Ahh.
It's empty! You stole
my commission and my buzz?
Yeah. I think I'm gonna need
a ride home.
No. You riding the bus. dummy.
Hopper!
Where are you?
Daddy's sorry he abandoned you!
Cherise!
I just wanna talk.
I forgive you.
I think you're letting her off
a little easy. man.
[Dispatch] All available trucks.
there is a Malinois
pacing the outer guardrail
of the Cherry Creek Bridge.
That's Hopper.
Uh. t-tell him not to jump.
[Dispatch] The dog does not
have a radio.
Yeah. Truck 12 responding.
We're on the way right now.
Do you wanna do karaoke?
They have Jock Jams.
your favorite.
Look. I'm sorry. Okay?
I really wanted
to tell you. I just...
there's been so much scrutiny
on me with the merger.
No. enough about
the bloody merger.
We added 10 people.
We are not uniting careers.
You're right.
I should've told you.
How long has it been going on?
About... two months.
Two m-- two months?
That's not some hookup.
You are in a relationship.
No. we haven't had
that conversation yet.
But he did ask me about
my Christmas wish list.
so maybe we are?
You two have had a crush
on each other for. like. ever.
The sex must be amazing.
Or really bad.
Is it really bad?
Disappointing. maybe.
I'm excited for you.
I am. I am.
This is incredible news.
-I know.
-That you withheld from me.
Because you don't trust me.
-I totally trust you.
-Do you?
Because I tell you everything.
Like that time that
I went to the club...
and I bought my own drinks.
Mm-hmm.
Would it make you feel better
if I told you something
that I've never admitted
to anyone?
It would depend on
how juicy it is.
It's a ripe peach in a hot car.
Okay. I'm ready.
So you know Terrence
who delivers the cat food?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. Well...
I sent him a nude.
Okay. It was an accident.
It was an accident!
I was taking practice shots.
-And I--
-Wait. No. go back.
-No. What?
-Practice shots.
These aren't
for anyone specific.
It was last year. I was single.
and I needed to create a library
to pull from should
the opportunity present itself.
-Of course.
-So...
So. why Terrence?
I was sending him a work email.
and I accidentally attached it.
And now things are
super awkward.
-[whispers] Oh my god.
-Mm-hmm.
That is really good.
But to earn my full forgiveness.
I need one more thing.
Okay.
I'm not sending you the picture.
Yeah. I'm gonna get it
from Terrence.
No you're not.
Hopper!
-Come!
[Hopper barks]
Come. boy!
Hopper. Oh.
Hi. Hey. boy.
-How you doing?
[phone chimes]
Is that Cherise?
Is she trying
to get a hold of me?
Dude. she's gone. Okay?
Oh. man.
The sale of my house
just fell through.
Oh. boy.
Everything's going to crap.
Pal. I'm so sorry.
I can't imagine
all the horrors you saw
at Roman's haunted
dollhouse mansion.
Kicking a man while
he's down. F'Shaw?
And lest you forget.
you're not permitted to have
a dog in your one-bedroom
depression hut.
We'll figure out something.
At my community garden
there's a shed.
No. I can't allow you to rest
your angry head
on bags of fertilizer.
I may have a better option.
It's morning.
You come downstairs
and the smell of coffee
permeates your new home.
Frank. you love coffee.
It's the perfect rental for you.
You guys are selling
to the wrong person.
It's this guy you gotta close.
Oh.
Huh. I guess all cats want
is a big window.
Where do I sign?
Why are you so quiet?
He's not allowed to talk.
[phone rings]
Hello. Roman.
Let me guess. your girlfriend
stole your signed
Coyote Ugly cast photo?
Nah. it's just my passport.
Nothing important.
But I'm calling for Hopper.
Can you put him on?
Oh. no. no. I get it.
You miss him already.
Just put him on.
[Hopper urinates]
You taught my dog to pee
on command?
[laughs] Yes. I did.
And you'll never guess
the command word.
Let's just say
it's a word you'll have
a hard time letting go.
[groans] Why did
I trust that idiot?
[Hopper urinates]
It's idiot.
Ah. it's my favorite word.
I'm screwed.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-